add description of alertOnDeleteProperty for repeating group settings (#706)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/development/ux/fields/grouping/alternatives/_index.en.md

Note that this setting has no effect when be used with `"mode": "showAll"`.

### alertOnDelete

> Determines whether a warning panel will open when the user presses the "Delete" button. A potential situation where this might be wanted is when a row contains alot of data.
> The default behaviour if the parameter is for the warning panel not to be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines whether a warning panel will open when the user presses the "Delete" button. A potential situation where this might be useful is when a row contains a lot of data.
The default behaviour of the parameter is for the warning panel not to be displayed.
```
